# Placement-Prediction
## Introduction:
In the recent times, getting placed in a company is a difficult task for the students as the competition and the requirements for the role keeps on increasing. In order to get placed in a reputed company with a decent package, students should enhance their skills and need to identify the areas in which they are weak and need to improve such as communication skills, aptitude, etc. So, we have planned to develop a Campus placement prediction system which helps the students to predict their chances of getting placed and if the prediction result is negative, then the application will recommend some resources which the user can access to improve the performance that eventually increase the chances of the student to get placed.
## Proposed Work:
	To implement an effective placement prediction system which predicts whether a student will get placed or not based on the student performance details. This will help the students to know their chances of getting placed in a company based on their skill levels. And for the prediction we planned to experiment out different prominent algorithms available and will choose the one which provide higher accuracy. 

### Action based on prediction results:
•	If the prediction result generated by the trained model is negative then the application will recommend some of the popular resources where the students can enhance their skills to improve their performance that increases the chance of getting placed.
•	If the prediction result is positive then the application will recommend the resources where the student can apply for jobs relevant to their skills.
